Moved wiki install guides into installation.md directly (#5869)
pymc-devs/pymc: docs/source/installation.md

(installation)=
# Installation

We recommend using [Anaconda](https://www.anaconda.com/) (or [Miniforge](https://github.com/conda-forge/miniforge)) to install Python on your local machine, which allows for packages to be installed using its `conda` utility.

Once you have installed one of the above, PyMC can be installed into a new conda environment as follows:

```console
conda create -c conda-forge -n pymc_env pymc
conda activate pymc_env
```
If you like, replace the name `pymc_env` with whatever environment name you prefer.

## JAX sampling

> If you wish to enable sampling using the JAX backend via NumPyro (experimental), the following should also be installed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you wish to enable sampling using the JAX backend via NumPyro or BlackJAX, the following should also be installed:
```
